chore(blog): project proposal template submission to GSoD 2022 (#607)
asyncapi/website: pages/blog/google-season-of-docs-2022.md

---
title: "📑 Google Season of Docs 2022 at AsyncAPI"

> date: 2022-3-25T06:00:00+01:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-03-25T06:00:00+01:00
```

## 📑 About our Docs project

> ### 🔎 Our current Docs problem

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense to rename this section as `State of documentation at AsyncAPI`?

Author: No, because we are following the template proposal as Google dictates it :) 

https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/org-proposal-template

> Our current Docs and their Information Architecture (IA) needs a major makeover. The current content buckets are far from ideal and much basic content is missing to help onboard new contributors. Users new to our API spec need `/Conceptual` docs that explain our spec terminology in more detail with engineering diagrams: people often learn visually! We also have to move our CLI docs under the Docs upcoming new `Reference` content bucket; currently, we have a README version of CLI docs only. Similarly, we're adding a new and broader `/Tools` section of documentation for our tools in individual tools' GitHub repos, under a `/docs` directory. Those should still remain there and continue to be maintained, but they also need to be documented in our Docs in a less informal way than what you see in a README. In time, we also need to add many more tutorials (i.e. Websocket, Kafka, etc) and Use Cases and Troubleshooting Guides, under a new `How-To` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our current Docs and their Information Architecture (IA) needs a major makeover. The current content buckets are far from ideal, and the essential content is missing to help onboard new contributors. Users who are new to our API spec need `/Conceptual` docs that explain our spec terminology in more detail with engineering diagrams: people often learn visually! We also have to move our CLI docs under the Docs upcoming new `Reference` content bucket; currently, we have a README version of CLI docs only. Similarly, we're adding a new and broader `/Tools` section of the documentation for our tools in individual tools' GitHub repositories under a `/docs` directory. Those should remain there and continue to be maintained, but they also need to be documented in our Docs in a less informal way than what you see in a README. In time, we also need to add many more tutorials (i.e. Websocket, Kafka, etc.) and Use Cases and Troubleshooting Guides under a new `How-To` section.
```

> We also have a need to re-structure specifically the [Generator tool](https://github.com/asyncapi/template-for-generator-templates) docs. Because this is one of our main tools, this in itself is also big enough to be it's own independent project for 2022 GSoD. Currently, our Generator docs need a major update, to better explain every single functionality of the Generator. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also need to re-structure docs for the [Generator tool](https://github.com/asyncapi/template-for-generator-templates). Because this is one of our main tools, it is also big enough to be it's an independent project for GSoD 2022. Currently, our Generator docs need a significant update to explain every single functionality of the Generator better. 
```

### 🎯 Our Docs project’s scope
We're already invested in utilizing the [Diátaxis methodology](https://diataxis.fr/) for determining our **content buckets** _(Concepts, Tutorials, Tools, How-To Guides, Reference)_. Along with this change, it makes sense to add new landing pages that introduce each content bucket. Each content bucket landing page could include cards featuring requested content from the community that still needs contributions. Then each card will read, "Contributors Needed." 

> AsyncAPI has several CLI and Tools markdown README documentation in miscellaneous GitHub repos that we plan to migrate over to the main Docs site. This task is part of our goal for finalizing our 2022 AsyncAPI Docs Information Architecture makeover. We explain this in more detail in our previous OSS blog post titled ["Change is coming to our AsyncAPI Developer Documentation"](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/changes-coming-docs). It's also extensively documented in our [AsyncAPI Docs GitHub Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/projects/8). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AsyncAPI has several CLI and Tools markdown README documentation in various GitHub repositories that we plan to migrate over to the primary documentation website. This task is part of our goal for finalizing our 2022 AsyncAPI Docs Information Architecture makeover. We explain this in more detail in our previous OSS blog post titled ["Change is coming to our AsyncAPI Developer Documentation"](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/changes-coming-docs). It's also extensively documented in our [AsyncAPI Docs GitHub Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/projects/8). 
```

In addition, we want to also target improving the [Generator tool](https://github.com/asyncapi/template-for-generator-templates) docs that are only READMEs in a repo right now. The Docs for this one tool are a big enough job to merit being our 2nd proposed project for 2022 GSoD.

We're also writing voluntary OSS bi-weekly updates via GitHub Gists to speak about the latest updates made in the AsyncAPI Docs Ecosystem. Due to our commitment to investing time in gaining interest in our community and getting Google excited about us, we've made sure to maintain updates about our `Google Season of Docs 2022` application too! In fact, you can take a look at the latest three where we made said mentions here in [AsyncAPI Docs update (31 Jan - 11 Feb 2022)](https://gist.github.com/alequetzalli/94ca1ffb5d123b450501e40a4a3b56e2), [AsyncAPI Docs update (14 Feb - 25 Feb 2022)](https://gist.github.com/alequetzalli/d34e3aececa49d10d0ddb2dc9938b477), and [AsyncAPI Docs update (28 Feb - 11 March 2022)](https://gist.github.com/alequetzalli/8f449f731b919193f4101098a69da14d).

### 📏 Measuring our Docs project’s success

> We will measure success in the Docs project partially by capturing specific feedback about the IA changes via our soon-to-come new [Docs Feedback card](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453). We need this specific and granular feedback to make sure we listen and make changes according to what the community requests from Docs. In previous AsyncAPI Docs Gist updates, we've mentioned that Design contributors were teaming with Docs on `/website`issue [#453](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453) for the ideation and development of our new **feedback card** that will be added at the bottom of each Docs page. What the community decided over the last 2 weeks was that the `Submit feedback` button in the card will publish the feedback anonymously via the AsyncAPI bot and create a new **GitHub Discussion** with said feedback:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will partially measure success in the Docs project by capturing specific feedback about the IA changes via our soon-to-come new [Docs Feedback card](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453). We need this specific and granular feedback to make sure we listen and make changes according to what the community requests from Docs. In previous AsyncAPI Docs Gist updates, we've mentioned that Design contributors were teaming with Docs on `/website`issue [#453](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453) for the ideation and development of our new **feedback card** that will be added at the bottom of each Docs page. What the community decided over the last 2 weeks was that the `Submit feedback` button in the card will publish the feedback anonymously via the AsyncAPI bot and create a new **GitHub Discussion** with said feedback:
```

> We will measure success in the Docs project partially by capturing specific feedback about the IA changes via our soon-to-come new [Docs Feedback card](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453). We need this specific and granular feedback to make sure we listen and make changes according to what the community requests from Docs. In previous AsyncAPI Docs Gist updates, we've mentioned that Design contributors were teaming with Docs on `/website`issue [#453](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453) for the ideation and development of our new **feedback card** that will be added at the bottom of each Docs page. What the community decided over the last 2 weeks was that the `Submit feedback` button in the card will publish the feedback anonymously via the AsyncAPI bot and create a new **GitHub Discussion** with said feedback:

Reviewer 2: As a high-level overview, would it make sense to define the metrics via number? Some examples like:

- Increase the number of PRs from `X%` to `Y%`
- Increase the number of contributors from `A` to `B`

It would not only make much more sense to the technical writers but also the community managers and GSoD mentors.

Author: I really wanted to add a `Increase the number of PRs from X% to Y%` line, but the problem is that it's hard to quantify that. We don't rush things and some PRs take longer than others... it just.. depends... In addition, some contributors come and go, depending on their personal lives. 

But I do think I can safely add a note on `Increase the number of contributors from A to B`, since so far it's mostly just me and the few guys that add README docs to their repos. You prob noted already that I already have a number there, but I can rephrase it.

![A screenshot displaying the design of our new feedback card for receiving feedback on AsyncAPI Docs](/img/posts/gsod-2022/feedback-card.webp)

![A screenshot of AsyncAPI GitHub Discussions for the Docs category](/img/posts/gsod-2022/docs-community-discussions.webp)  

The other way we would consider the project successful is the number of our contributors and Docs PRs increased by even 2-5 more community members. Currently, a majority of our OSS contributor community focuses only on contributing code, but we would like to instill a greater interest in contributing to documentation that provides value for everyone.

### ⌛ Timeline

> The project itself will take approximately 3-6 months to complete, depending on how many technical writers (TW) get involved. If we can get even just 2-4 TWs, then we can work on both migrating the CLI/Tools documentation and the Generator Docs. But if we can only get 1-2 folks, it would be hard to do more than the migration of CLI and Tools docs. Ideally, the timeline could look like the following:

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense if an exact number of TWs are mentioned? Most orgs go with 2 TWs while some orgs like Wechaty have gone with multiple TWs in the past. A clear mention of the number of TWs will also make sense from planning perspective and give an assurance to Google that the funds are moving towards the right direction.

Author: I don't know if it makes sense to do so or not. Google is very vague about processes and they don't really tell you how many TWs they may "give" you... my first thought was that perhaps showing flexibility for any number of TWs might make it easier to place TWs with us. That's why you see I wrote above what items could be done depending on the amount of TWs "sent" to us.

This is also just a clarification note that is not asked for in the proposal template, so you would think it shouldn't affect to make a realistic clarifying annendum. 🙊 

Is Google is super strict and doesn't like proposals showcasing different scenarios like I did above.. maybe? Honestly it's your guess as much as mine is 😄 

I will change it however to just state our preferred request and it prob won't change anything (as in, our likelihood to get accepted 😂) but sounds good to me 😄✨✨

- **May:** Orientation on how to contribute to AsyncAPI Inititiave, how Docs issues are organized, detail how we're migrating our CLI and Tools Docs, and assign good `first-time-tickets` to get each new TW contributor started. 
- **June - August:**	Each TW goes through designated issues marked for both first time contributors and work set aside for `GSoD 2022`. Each TW starts creating documentation for their individual issues assigned/selected. 
- **September - October:** We determine if we're going to be able to complete both CLI and Tools Docs plus the Generator Docs, depending on how many TWs are in our group and how much they've been able to complete so far. We re-align priorities as needed and asses what is missing to reach our 2022 IA change goals for AsyncAPI Docs.

> - **November:**	Project completion and all contributors receive some swag! 

Reviewer 2: Having a table with some fixed dates would be better here.

Author: I don't think that makes sense, we are already specifically calling out a whole month(s) for certain items and that falls within the guidelines. Again, following the Google proposal template.

https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/org-proposal-template#timeline

### 💸 Project budget

> We have set aside 2 mentors for now, for our 2 projects: improving our IA and re-structuring our Generator Docs. Should we be selected, AsyncAPI would like to request from Google a US $5000 budget for each project. For both projects, the request then totals for a $10,000 budget.  

Reviewer 2: It would be great to have a table here with two/three columns: `Item`, `Budget` and `Justification`. Item would mention the exact cause the funds are going for, the budget can be $5000 while the justification can be the statement around what are the funds being assigned for.

Author: - Yes, a table is a nicer view for sure.

- We don't really need a `Justification` tho because we're only asking for money for the project TWs. And according to the Google template, that section for this item is blank: https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/org-proposal-template#sample_budget

---
title: "📑 Google Season of Docs 2022 at AsyncAPI"
date: 2022-03-25T06:00:00+01:00
type: Engineering
tags:
  - Documentation
  - Announcement
cover: /img/posts/gsod-2022/SeasonofDocs_Logo.webp
authors:
  - name: Alejandra Quetzalli
    photo: /img/avatars/canela-ale.webp
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alejandra-quetzalli/
    byline: Our proposal? Update Docs Information Architecture
excerpt: Check out the Docs project proposal we're submitting to GSoD 2022! You won't want to miss out.
featured: true
---

> 

Author: Sadly, I have removed the emojis that were in _headings_ because they make our heading links angry 😡 🤣 . That's why the right-hand nav TOC links weren't working before.

---
title: "📑 Google Season of Docs 2022 at AsyncAPI"

> date: 2021-12-13T06:00:00+01:00

Reviewer: please set proper date

type: Engineering
tags:
  - Documentation
  - Announcement
cover: /img/posts/gsod-2022/SeasonofDocs_Logo.webp
authors:
  - name: Alejandra Quetzalli
    photo: /img/avatars/canela-ale.webp
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alejandra-quetzalli/
    byline: Our proposal? Update Docs Information Architecture

> excerpt: 

Reviewer: if no excerpt, for blogs landing page then just remove this property

featured: true
---

## 🦄 Hola

¡Hola, AsyncAPI community! 😄

> For today's blog post about AsyncAPI Docs 📑, I wanted to share to all technical writers about our organization’s plan for participation in `Google Season of Docs 2022 (GSoD)`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For today's blog post about AsyncAPI Docs 📑, I wanted to share with all technical writers about our organization’s plan for participation in `Google Season of Docs 2022 (GSoD)`. 
```

As some of you may remember from my [Gist Docs update for 31 Jan - 11 Feb 2022](https://gist.github.com/alequetzalli/94ca1ffb5d123b450501e40a4a3b56e2), I noted that GSoD 2022 was coming up and that AsyncAPI wanted to participate in the application process once it opened on February 23, 2022.  

> In anticipation of this, I also created a new AsyncAPI Slack channel named `#temp-gsod-2022` that anyone can [join here](https://join.slack.com/share/enQtMzA4OTA1NjUyNzk1OC01NjI3YjBjNGQ1OGYzNjg3MmMwZDFlY2U5ZjkxYjA3ZGU4MjNiYTg5ODNmY2M3MWNmZmU0ZDA0ZTc0ZDc5NTc3). This slack channel is a temporary channel to coordinate GSoC 2022 setup. I'll publish regular updates on where we are in the application process, so stay tuned as the process continues. 🙂

Reviewer: the slack link will not work for folks that are not in our slack, IMHO you should put regular self-invite link here, and just tell people to join relevant channel

## 📑 About our Docs project

### 🔎 Our current Docs problem

> Our current Docs and their Information Architecture (IA) needs a major makeover. The current content buckets are far from ideal and much basic content is missing to help onboard new contributors. Users new to our API spec need `/Conceptual` docs that explain our spec terminology in more detail with engineering diagrams: people often learn visually! We also have to move our CLI docs under the Docs upcoming new `Reference` content bucket; currently we have a README version of CLI docs only. Similarly, we're adding a new and broader `/Tools` section of documentation for our tools in individual tools' GitHub repos, under a `/docs` directory. Those should still remain there and continue to be maintained, but they also need to be documented in our Docs in a less informal way than what you see in a README. In time, we also need to add many more tutorials (i.e. Websocket, Kafka, etc) and Usecases and Troubleshooting Guides, under a new `How-To` section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Our current Docs and their Information Architecture (IA) needs a major makeover. The current content buckets are far from ideal and much basic content is missing to help onboard new contributors. Users new to our API spec need `Conceptual` docs that explain our spec terminology in more detail with engineering diagrams: people often learn visually! We also have to move our CLI docs under the Docs upcoming new `Reference` content bucket; currently, we have a README version of CLI docs only. Similarly, we're adding a new and broader `Tools` section of the documentation for our tools in individual tools' GitHub repos, under a `/docs` directory. Those should still remain there and continue to be maintained, but they also need to be documented in our Docs in a less informal way than what you see in a README. In time, we also need to add many more tutorials (i.e. Websocket, Kafka, etc), Use Cases, and Troubleshooting Guides, under a new `How-To` section.
```

Author: Don't agree with the additional `the`, but the other two edits I kept :)

### 🎯 Our Docs project’s scope

> We're already invested in utilizing the [Diátaxis methodology](https://diataxis.fr/) for determining our **content buckets** _(Concepts, Tutorials, Tools, How-To Guides, Reference)_, it makes sense to ADD NEW landing pages to introduce each content bucket. In addition, each content bucket landing page could include cards featuring content the community has already requested but that we still need contributions for. For example, instead of having a card that says "coming soon," we would have the cards say, "Contributors Needed." Lastly, we have several CLI and Tools markdown README documentation in miscellaneous GitHub repos that we're in the process of migrating over to the main Docs site section. This last item would be another task we'd incoropate as part of our goal to finalize our 2022 AsyncAPI Docs Information Architecture makeover, which is not only mentioned in one of our OSS blog posts titled ["Change is coming to our AsyncAPI Developer Documentation"](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/changes-coming-docs), but is also extensively documented in our [AsyncAPI Docs GitHub Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/projects/8). 

Reviewer: `We're already invested` should be `We already invested` I think

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We're already invested in utilizing the [Diátaxis methodology](https://diataxis.fr/) for determining our **content buckets** _(Concepts, Tutorials, Tools, How-To Guides, Reference)_, it makes sense to **add new** landing pages to introduce each content bucket. In addition, each content bucket landing page could include cards featuring content the community has already requested but that we still need contributions for. For example, instead of having a card that says "coming soon," we would have the cards say, "Contributors Needed." Lastly, we have several CLI and Tools markdown README documentation in miscellaneous GitHub repos that we're in the process of migrating over to the main Docs site section. This last item would be another task we'd incorporate as part of our goal to finalize our 2022 AsyncAPI Docs Information Architecture makeover, which is not only mentioned in one of our OSS blog posts titled ["Change is coming to our AsyncAPI Developer Documentation"](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/changes-coming-docs) but is also extensively documented in our [AsyncAPI Docs GitHub Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/projects/8). 
```

Reviewer 3: This paragraph is too long. I suggest making it shorter also probably by making sentences shorter.

Author: > `We're already invested` should be `We already invested` I think

No, that would give it a different meaning :)  If we change it to "we already invested" it is a past tense verb form, which implies that this task was already completed in the past.

Author: > This paragraph is too long. I suggest making it shorter also probably by making sentences shorter.

sure!

We've also started voluntary OSS bi-weekly updates via GitHub Gists to speak about the latest updates made in the AsyncAPI Docs Ecosystem. Due to our commitment to investing time in gaining interest in our community and getting Google excited about us, we've made sure to maintain updates about our `Google Season of Docs 2022` application too! In fact, you can take a look at the latest three where we made said mentions here in [AsyncAPI Docs update (31 Jan - 11 Feb 2022)](https://gist.github.com/alequetzalli/94ca1ffb5d123b450501e40a4a3b56e2), [AsyncAPI Docs update (14 Feb - 25 Feb 2022)](https://gist.github.com/alequetzalli/d34e3aececa49d10d0ddb2dc9938b477), and [AsyncAPI Docs update (28 Feb - 11 March 2022)](https://gist.github.com/alequetzalli/8f449f731b919193f4101098a69da14d).

### 📏 Measuring our Docs project’s success

> We will measure success in Docs project’s success partially by capturing specific feedback about the IA changes via our soon-to-come new [Docs Feedback card](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453). We need this specific and granular feedback to make sure we listen and make changes according to what the community requests from Docs. In previous AsyncAPI Docs Gist updates, we've mentioned that Design contributors were teaming with Docs on `/website`issue [#453](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453) for the ideation and development of our new **feedback card** that will be added at the bottom of each Docs page. What the community decided over the last 2 weeks was that the `Submit feedback` button in the card will publish the feedback anonymously via the AsyncAPI bot and create a new **GitHub Discussion** with said feedback:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will measure success in the Docs project partially by capturing specific feedback about the IA changes via our soon-to-come new [Docs Feedback card](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453). We need this specific and granular feedback to make sure we listen and make changes according to what the community requests from Docs. In previous AsyncAPI Docs Gist updates, we've mentioned that Design contributors were teaming with Docs on the website issue [#453](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/453) for the ideation and development of our new **feedback card** that will be added at the bottom of each Docs page. What the community decided over the last 2 weeks was that the `Submit feedback` button in the card will publish the feedback anonymously via the AsyncAPI bot and create a new **GitHub Discussion** with said feedback:
```

Author: The additional `the` before website issue is weird, but I incorporated your other feedback. Thanks for noticing I used success twice! 😄

> <img width="500" alt="Screen Shot 2022-03-10 at 8 47 22 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/158282499-a50737c0-a669-417d-99ae-a91ab21a0c07.png">

Reviewer: we need images as webp as part of the website repo, like `SeasonofDocs_Logo.webp`. Also please provide proper alt text

Author: yikes, major smh 🤦‍♀️ moment here... will do!

> <img width="500" alt="Screen Shot 2022-03-10 at 8 47 22 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/158282499-a50737c0-a669-417d-99ae-a91ab21a0c07.png">

Reviewer 4: Add a single `/` at the end of img tag as given below:
```
<img width="500" alt="Screen Shot 2022-03-10 at 8 47 22 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/158282499-a50737c0-a669-417d-99ae-a91ab21a0c07.png" />
```

Copy this code and replace it with the current one.

Author: **`<img>` tags** [do not need a closing tag](https://www.w3.org/wiki/Html/Elements/img).

> <img width="500" alt="Screen Shot 2022-03-10 at 8 48 47 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/158282500-a29c953b-e333-455f-b5bb-c1d2491fef2a.png">

Reviewer 4: Same here also, copy the below code and replace it with current one.
```
<img width="500" alt="Screen Shot 2022-03-10 at 8 48 47 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/158282500-a29c953b-e333-455f-b5bb-c1d2491fef2a.png" />
```

Author: **`<img>` tags** [do not need a closing tag](https://www.w3.org/wiki/Html/Elements/img).

- **May:** Orientation on how to contribute to AsyncAPI Inititiave, how Docs issues are organized, detail how we're migrating our CLI and Tools Docs, and assign good `first-time-tickets` to get each new TW contributor started. 
- **June - August:**	Each TW goes through designated issues marked for both first time contributors and work set aside for `GSoD 2022`. Each TW starts creating documentation for their individual issues assigned/selected. 
- **September - October:** We determine if we're going to be able to complete both CLI and Tools Docs, depending on how many TWs are in our group and how much they've been able to complete so far. We re-align priorities as needed and asses what is missing to reach our 2022 IA change goals for AsyncAPI Docs.
- **November:**	Project completion and all contributors receive some swag! 

### 💸 Project budget

> We have set aside 2 mentors for now, for our 1 project on improving our IA. For this we would like to request a US $5000 budget to Google, should we be selected. 

Reviewer: we need at least 2 projects. Preparing Generator that is one of our main tools cannot be a part of this project as it is big enough to be an independent project under GSoD. Current Generator docs need to be restructured and updated + we need a set of tutorials that explain every single functionality of the Generator basing on this example -> https://github.com/asyncapi/template-for-generator-templates

Author: Got it, then I will make this project our 2nd one and I will also update our budget accordingly :)

___ 

## 👉🏽 Get started contributing to AsyncAPI Docs Today
Last but not least, don't forget that code isn't the only way to contribute to OSS; Dev Docs are a **huge** help that benefit the entire OSS ecosystem. At AsyncAPI, we value Doc contributions as much as every other type of contribution. ❤️

To get started as a Docs contributor:
1. Familiarize yourself with our [project's Contribution Guide](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
2. Head over to our Docs GH Board [here](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/projects/8).
3. Pick an issue you would like to contribute to and leave a comment introducing yourself. This is also the perfect place to leave any questions you may have on how to get started. 
4. If there is no work done in that Docs issue yet, feel free to open a PR and get started!

### 🏷 Tag me in your AsyncAPI Doc PRs
Do you have a documentation contributor question and you're wondering how to tag me into a GitHub discussion or PR? Never fear!

> Tag me in your AsyncAPI Doc PRs or [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/discussions/categories/docs) via my GitHub handle, [`/alequetzalli`](https://github.com/alequetzalli) 🐙.

Reviewer: Preview of the build fails https://app.netlify.com/sites/asyncapi-website/deploys/623a4308d91fae0009430500

```
10:48:12 PM: Failed to compile.
10:48:12 PM: 
10:48:12 PM: ./pages/blog/google-season-of-docs-2022.md:59:16
10:48:12 PM: Syntax error: Unterminated JSX contents.
10:48:12 PM:   57 | <p>{`Tag me in your AsyncAPI Doc PRs or `}<a parentName="p" {...{"href":"https://github.com/asyncapi/community/discussions/categories/docs"}}>{`GitHub Discussions`}</a>{` via my GitHub handle, `}<a parentName="p" {...{"href":"https://github.com/alequetzalli"}}><inlineCode parentName="a">{`/alequetzalli`}</inlineCode></a><undefined parentName="p">{` `}<span {...{"role":"img","aria-label":"octopus"}}>{`🐙`}</span>{`.`}</undefined></p>
10:48:12 PM:   58 | <p><em parentName="p"><undefined parentName="em">{`-A.Q. `}<span {...{"role":"img","aria-label":""}}>{`👩🏻‍💻`}</span>{` and Canela `}<span {...{"role":"img","aria-label":""}}>{`🐕‍🦺`}</span></undefined></em></p>
10:48:12 PM: > 59 |     </MDXLayout>
10:48:12 PM:      |                 ^
10:48:12 PM:   60 |   )
10:48:12 PM:   61 | };
10:48:12 PM:   62 | MDXContent.isMDXComponent = true
10:48:12 PM: > Build error occurred
10:48:12 PM: Error: > Build failed because of webpack errors
10:48:12 PM:     at nextBuildSpan.traceAsyncFn (/opt/build/repo/node_modules/next/dist/build/index.js:397:19)
10:48:12 PM: npm ERR! code ELIFECYCLE
10:48:12 PM: npm ERR! errno 1
10:48:12 PM: npm ERR! @asyncapi/website@0.1.0 build: `node scripts/index.js && next build`
10:48:13 PM: npm ERR! Exit status 1
10:48:13 PM: npm ERR!
10:48:13 PM: npm ERR! Failed at the @asyncapi/website@0.1.0 build script.
10:48:13 PM: npm ERR! This is probably not a problem with npm. There is likely additional logging output above.
10:48:13 PM: npm ERR! A complete log of this run can be found in:
10:48:13 PM: npm ERR!     /opt/buildhome/.npm/_logs/2022-03-22T21_47_48_602Z-debug.log
```
       
Maybe because of the `/` that you use there in the link to your profile. Check locally without it please, or if you need it try `\/` where '\` should escape the `/` character. Not sure though if it will do the trick

Reviewer 4: Nope, I figured it out on my locals. I am reviewing the PR to resolve the build errors.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, it's probably because of the open `<img>` tags above?

Reviewer 4: Yup, I had made a review on it for request changes.

Author: @fmvilas @akshatnema @derberg  The `/` I used to mention my GH profile is actually copy/pasted [exactly how I did it in my last blog post with us](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/changes-coming-docs#%F0%9F%8F%B7-tag-me-in-your-asyncapi-doc-prs), and there were no issues there. Ergo, we know that is not the problem 😀😬... I think it is so weird tho! I will check it out too locally but it makes no sense since the other post is live in the same way O_O

<img width="500" alt="Screen Shot 2022-03-23 at 6 54 04 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/159826325-32fe5da5-67a8-4c09-80a5-a92193dd399a.png">

Second, **`<img>` tags** [do not need a closing tag](https://www.w3.org/wiki/Html/Elements/img). This is because [it is a **VOID** element](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/syntax.html#void-elements) that is not allowed child nodes.

Reviewer 3: This is not HTML but JSX. In JSX, everything needs to be closed: https://react-cn.github.io/react/tips/self-closing-tag.html.

> Tag me in your AsyncAPI Doc PRs or [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/discussions/categories/docs) via my GitHub handle, [`/alequetzalli`](https://github.com/alequetzalli) 🐙.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Tag me in your AsyncAPI Doc PRs or [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/discussions/categories/docs) via my GitHub handle, [alequetzalli](https://github.com/alequetzalli) 🐙.
```

I would not use code formatting for your username's link.

Author: @fmvilas   The `/` I used to mention my GH profile is actually copy/pasted [exactly how I did it in my last blog post with us](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/changes-coming-docs#%F0%9F%8F%B7-tag-me-in-your-asyncapi-doc-prs), and there were no issues there. Ergo, we know that is not a problem :)

Since this was no problem in the previous post, let me know if you're really that sure you want it out. I personally think it's useful. 

<img width="500" alt="Screen Shot 2022-03-23 at 6 54 04 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19964402/159826325-32fe5da5-67a8-4c09-80a5-a92193dd399a.png">
